TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] Add kebab case support
- [x] Add multiple strings (`[[]]`)
- [x] Add lists (`{1, 2, 3}`)
- [x] Allow typing of variables
- [x] Make sure you can make lists of lists
- [x] Fix multiline comments
- [x] Add records
- [x] Add `type` type (example: `list_of_bool_type: type = list(bool)`)
- [ ] Remove `type` type and make `type` a keyword
- [x] Add function type (example: `add_type: type = fn(int, int) -> int`)
- [x] Add `len` function to get length of lists (`len({1, 2, 3}) # => 2`)
- [x] Add list spread operator (`{1, ..{2, 3}}` or `{..{1, 2}, 3}`)
- [x] Add compare function (`compare("a", "a")`/`compare({1, 2}, {1, 2})`). Note: does not work on records
- [ ] Change `fn(int) -> int` type to `(int) -> int`
- [!] Make `match` expressions passable as implicit returns
- [!] Add string interpolation (example: `"Hello #{name}!"` or `[[Hello #{name}!]]`)
- [ ] Add `_` as a discard variable name
- [ ] Array first/last pattern matching (`{first, ..last}` or `{first | last}` ??)
- [ ] Add piping operator (`|>`)
- [ ] Remove `if`/`while` statements
- [ ] Make variables immutable
- [ ] Add `assert` keyword (example: `assert(a + b, 3)`)
- [ ] Add generics

Commit message:

added coid (no returns) on functions

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] Add kebab case support
- [x] Add multiple strings (`[[]]`)
- [x] Add lists (`{1, 2, 3}`)
- [x] Allow typing of variables
- [x] Make sure you can make lists of lists
- [x] Fix multiline comments
- [x] Add records
- [x] Add `type` type (example: `list_of_bool_type: type = list(bool)`)
- [x] Add function type (example: `add_type: type = fn(int, int) -> int`)
- [x] Add `len` function to get length of lists (`len({1, 2, 3}) # => 2`)
- [x] Add list spread operator (`{1, ..{2, 3}}` or `{..{1, 2}, 3}`)
- [x] Add compare function (`compare("a", "a")`/`compare({1, 2}, {1, 2})`). Note: does not work on records
- [x] Make functions able to not have a return argument
- [ ] Remove `type` type and make `type` a keyword
- [ ] Change `fn(int) -> int` type to `(int) -> int`
- [!] Make `match` expressions passable as implicit returns
- [!] Add string interpolation (example: `"Hello #{name}!"` or `[[Hello #{name}!]]`)
- [ ] Add `_` as a discard variable name
- [ ] Array first/last pattern matching (`{first, ..last}` or `{first | last}` ??)
- [ ] Add piping operator (`|>`)
- [ ] Remove `if`/`while` statements
- [ ] Make variables immutable
- [ ] Add `assert` keyword (example: `assert(a + b, 3)`)
- [ ] Add generics
